


The orange zone was one three zones. Green, Orange, and Red, each coded by livability. 

, and inched towards the side opposite to where the noises where coming from. Inching towards the corner, he didn't want to be seen witnessing this, but he still wanted to know who was involved. At the corner he found more boxes parked at an angle, such that there was a slit he could look through. He squinted his eyes against the harsh glare that was coming off some metal pipes across the yard until he could just make out some figures. A man had a metal pipe and was wielding it like a bat in two hands. Three men other stood around watching, or looking back towards the entrance of the yard. The pipe was slick with gore and the one wielding it had spatters of blood all over himself. None of them seemed to care. Hector saw the mess in the middle. Whatever, or whoever it was wasn't getting up anytime soon. 
*Crunch*

The one with the pipe swung again. Making the horrible noise as the pipe cracked into the prone figure on the muddy ground. By the noises,  He stayed still, watching, determined to witness this incase these gangers broke off in his direction. Better to see them coming his way and get a head start running, than get caught as well. They started talking.

"...'nough" Said a man standing back and observing the carnage.
"...thought we wanted to send a message" said the one with the pipe in a thuggish and brash accent. He was covered up to his knees in blood and gore.
"Message sent. Now come on, we're supposed to collect more holdings today" replied the observing man.
"Fine" said the man with pipe, and he nonchalantly tossed it into the air. It flipped end over end and bounced off the body one last time with loud thump-clack of metal and bone. He didn't seem bothered by the gore or blood, or the mess it'd left on him.

They all started walking across the yard towards the entrance. The other two had been watching the gate to make sure that nobody disturbed the ruthless murder. As they all left none of them turned or checked behind them. In front of the yard they crossed out of Hector's view, to the right of the building. With them all gone, Hector slowly crouch walked around the boxes to get a look at the body in the middle of the yard. He slowly stood up from his bent position, and his back reminded him that he had been passed out without consulting it how best to lay down. He let out an involuntary groan as he straitened up. He stopped. He was just paranoid enough to believe that he wasn't alone.


Whoever they were, there would be no identifying the body from facial matches. The whole face had been caved in, and the chest was broken open to reveal ribs, and guts. Blood slowly seeped out through the back of the corpse, and stained the mud an even dirtier color. Their clothes were a faded crimson color, and had been stained even darker from the blood. There was a lot of blood. Hector looked away towards the gate and then back at the corpse. He almost didn't notice the strangeness of the outfit. The corpse was wearing some sort of smock. It had a hood that had folded under it's skull, but the robes themselves were still visible across the bodies' sides and legs.

Hector didn't know what to make of the outfit, but he decided to leave before anyone else came his way. He'd only stopped for a minute, and he didn't trust this place. This city had eyes everywhere. He pulled up his filthy hood, and wiped off some mud from his jacket as he tried to look presentable. At least for an addict.
Making his way to the gate, he slowly peered to his right, leaning out from behind the building to see if the gangsters were still in view. His paranoia was well founded. Not only did he witness them brutally murder someone beyond recognition, but he probably owed them money as well. Hector was not well off in this city. He had and had made a lot of enemies over the years and he'd ripped off his fair share of gangsters. He didn't have any remorse for the people he had cheated. They would have done the same to him.

He couldn't see anyone, and so he made to his left, opposite from the gangsters. While they were headed the same way he wanted to go, he couldn't just follow them out. He figured he'd just cut perpendicular through the next yard, and then continue towards his home. He started into the street, crossed the gaps between the this yard and the next husk of a building, and was about to turn into another abandoned yard when he heard a yell from behind him. He turned his head, and to his horror the gore covered gangster had appeared around the far corner. Hector locked eyes with the man for a split second, and then turned to run.

He let out another groan as he forced his already protesting body to move in ways it did not intend to. Running, he grabbed the corner of the building and swung himself around, and slammed half tilt into a fence. He had miss-judged the next buildings yard gate and slammed into the fence instead. He clumsily bounced off the fence, and fell backwards onto his ass. He twisted and pushed up onto to feet, checking to see if his pursuer had made any progress. The man had. The man, covered in gore up to his knees was half way past the collapsed far building and was closing fast. The gangster was yelling for the others to get Suddenly adrenalin pumped into Hector's veins and he pushed his body into overdrive. He stood up and ran towards the open gate, not five meters from him. This time he swung around the gate correctly, and kept moving full tilt into the partially abandoned yard. He ran around a pile of big metal pipes and leapt over some scattered woden pallets. He ran, headed for the fence at the back. He fully intended to get over it no matter what the physical cost. Hector had learned long ago, that nothing could be worse than getting caught. Passing fallen boxes at a blur, he quickly turned his head to see how he was doing. The man was further behind than he had hoped, but he was still coming. Before he could straighten his neck, Hector once again crashed into a fence. This time he grabbed hold with his fingers and managed to stay upright. He stopped and looked left and right to try and find some way over the fence. The fence was taller than him, and had barbed wire lines running across the top leaning outwards. Off to his left Hector saw a stack of pipes stacked on top of each other in a triangular shape. Hector pulled himself along the fence to get him legs going, and made towards the pipe. He slipped on some mud, and let out a yelp as he did. He didn't fall but he had to slow down for a second. He was closing the distance. He was going to get out, he just had to get there. His lungs sucked in air, and all he could hear his heart pumping in his head. All his problems were in front of him, and these problems started with getting on this pile of pipes. He grabbed a tie-down strap and pulled himself up onto the first pipe. His muddy boots slipped on the metal and his shins cracked into it. He kept going, panic blocked out pain. the He pulled on the strap with all his might and hoisted himself up onto the pile. He saw the man had closed quickly and he knew that he was moments from being grabbed. The man let out a yell, probably as much to draw the other murderers, as to throw Hector off. Hector steadied himself, and flung his body with all his might off the top of the triangularly stacked pipes. He felt like he was soaring over through the air and could only imagine the look on his pursuers faces as he cleared the fence. He didn't fully clear the fence. His pant leg caught the barbs and be was jerked violently to the right as the barbs dug into his leg. He twisted in the air as his pant leg pulled him into the fence. He screamed in pain and panic as he was bounced into the fence by the leg of his pants and the flesh of his shin. After what felt like eons of dangling the fabric finally tore and he collapsed into a painful heap next to the fence. His head was pulsing and he could feel pain like fire burning up from his tore leg. He couldn't look at it, and he rolled away from the fence.

"Imma get you!" Yelled one of the gangers.
"Quick, o'the fence!" Barked another one.

Hector's head was swimming in pain and exhaustion. He hurt, and it was this place's fault. He willed his pain and fear into anger and frustration. He hated this place. If it was not for the city he would not be in this mess. That anger fulled him, and in a split second he pushed up from the ground and ran with all his might. He pumped his arms and legs and ran. In his desperation he hadn't had a chance to plan this far ahead, but he was in an alley, between work yards, and collapsing buildings. He took off in the direction he'd been intending to go, and pushed his body to it's limit. The buildings, and garbage blurred past him as he ran. Hector was looking for any that he could disappear into. He didn't even glance behind him and he pushed down the alley. It was barely wider than him in some places due the ruble and garbage. He quickly cut behind some brick rubble and kep moving down the road. At the next corner he turned and kept running down the gap between two buildings. It was almost too narrow to run full tilt, but he forced his way through, twisting his shoulders to keep his speed. He could see a pile of trash at the end, and he knew he'd have to climb over it, or through it. He dreaded the noise he'd make, but he pushed forwards. He made it to the pile, and stepped onto the first bag. He did not sink into it like he had suspected, and found that it was mostly solid. He realized that these were all concrete bags that had solidified. He took this as a sign that he was destined for greatness and climbed up the pile. This was it, he was about to get away free. He couldn't hear anyone behind him, or any yelling further up the alley. He was going to beat this problem, and the next one and next just like he had always dreamed. He was hand over hand climbing the pile that rose to his should, and when he reached the top, he pulled his now shaking body over the lip. He tumbled over, andd landed in a head on a street. He was exhausted, but it wasn't over yet. He needed a bolt hole to check himself, and then make his way home. Crawling forwards he saw that he wasn't alone on this street.

There were other people wandering around, but none of them looked like the thugs that were chasing him. None of them moved with any particular urgency, and they seemed to only give the barest of attention after his graceless fall into their street. He knew immediately that they were just like him. Well not just like him, but they too were addicts, or hustlers, or unwanted that were looking out for themselves. He was better than them, but he knew them from personal experience. He tried to stand, but his leg was still on fire. He used the last of his willpower trying to scale that pile, and now his leg was simply not going to cooperate. he crawled forwards on 3 limbs around a corner into a doorway. It was a semi-standing building with burns across the bricking and coming out from the windows. The door had been glass at one point, but was now just blackened and shattered. He crawled through the bottom separation of the door, and at the midway point, rolled onto his back and hoisted his leg past the glass with his hands. He struggled into the cramped and blackened room on his back, holding his leg up as he scrapped along the floor. Once he cleared it, he let go and kept crawling along the floor until he was cornered a small shelf that had collapsed into the floor. He lay on the ground panting, shaking, sweating, and almost in tears from the pain of it all.

