---
title: ???
description: Meet Hector, Hector meets Peter
word_count: 7903
---


Hector's world slowly came back into focus. Consciousness leaked back into his body. It started in his hands and feet, and slowly moved up into his arms, legs, and shoulders. Eventually it reached his head. It slowly self assessed and confirmed he was alive and mostly intact. Hector slowly opened his eyes and squinted as the light seeped in. His vision was blurry and filled with spots. While his world slowly came into focus, he guessed it was mid morning.

He'd curled up in a corner where a chain-link fence met a wall. The fencing had slats for privacy, but those had long since degraded into mere suggestions. The other side was a corrugated metal wall that had rusted into a husk of it's former glory. It had been a complete building at one point, but it had collapsed and the exposed metal beams now looked like ribs on a carcass. Rust seeped out into his corner, and made the metaphor look even more convincing with it's dark red and black stains on his clothes and the trash he'd slept on. The wind caused the metal to groan and whistle, as if the building hadn't finished dying yet despite it's exposed organs and hemorrhaging blood. Between the rust, and scavenging, Hector figured it didn't have long before it collapsed into itself and finally died. Hector slowly propped up against the corrugated wall to try and see past the heaps, further into the yard. The yard was only marginally better. The gravel had long since been turned to mud, and garbage was pilled everywhere. Hector has been upwind of most of it, but the damp smell of rot, and rust was still present. His head started to ache and the groaning metal corpse he was sitting against was only accelerating what was going to be a crippling withdrawal migraine. He slowly moved and pushed off his makeshift cover of damp cardboard. He slowly rolled onto his back, and stretched his legs. He silently thanked himself for passing out in a position that hadn't left him completely crippled with soreness.

He slowly pushed himself up into a sitting position against the wall. His grimy clothes helped him slide up the wall rather than scrub it, and he sat upright for a minute. Slowly he tried to focus is spinning mind. The drugs always wore off in stages but this stage had been more delayed. He rubbed his temple with one dirty hand and then massaged some feeling back into his shoulder with the other. The pain slowly hit him as the drugs continued to wear off. He was coming down from his latest high, and he knew it wouldn't be good. Propping himself up some more, ever so slowly, and with careful movements he tried to see more of the yard. He didn't remember how he'd gotten in, but he was at the back, the entrance probably out the far side. Hector could feel the weather was going to get worse soon, not that it was great right now.

He never liked it in this place. It was always "almost" raining. Grey clouds, cold breezes, the wet rotting stink of vegetables, fish and damp concrete was something that he never quite got used to. He never wanted to be here, and he certainly didn't want to get used to it. He'd been trapped in this city by poverty and vices that he couldn't sustain. His original plans had long gone to hell, and now he was just scrapping by hopping to get lucky someday and be able to leave. This city had taken a lot from him, and he'd tried to fight it, but it leached into him, just like the rust and damp that leached into everything else here.

*Crack*

The noise came from the front of the yard. Hector froze, suddenly wishing his cover of trash and mud was still on top of him.

*Crack*

He heard it more clearly this time, and it sounded wet and painful. He knew that sound from witnessing it. You didn't make it as far as he did without seeing some horrible things. He knew it wasn't anything he wanted to get involved in, so he leaned forwards and made to crawl along the poorly maintained fence, hoping for a break in the links he could crawl through.

*Crack*

He crawled perpendicular to the noise, as best he could manage. On hands and knees, he scuttled along the fence. He could feel the hairs on the back of his neck starting to rise. He knew he was in danger from something that he didn't want to be involved in.

*Crack*

He turned his head this time, hoping not to see anything between the heaps of trash, but figuring he'd at least see if he'd been made yet. All he could see was trash, but he heard voices now.

"-ck was that!?", one deep male voice.

"'ell if I know". Then muffled noises. "did you see his skull! ... eyes", another man's voice yelled, sounding slightly smaller than the other.

He was in the orange zone, as it was called. This was a place that had been all but abandoned by the city and was considered barely habitable. Of course that meant that it was habited by people who barely counted. The city was divided up into three zones, green, orange, and red.

Green was the newest zone, post war construction, and while it's residents where not exclusively well off, it was where all the new efforts were made. He'd been up and down it's streets many times, but with more modernization came more eyes and therefore more risks for those like Hector. Getting mobbed by some gang, beat by some corporate enforcers, or scooped up by some unhealthy organization were all very real possibilities. They all knew that nobody would come looking for someone who looked like he did. Someone covered in dirt and rags, someone who sculked alone with any friends. They were the prey for anyone.

The orange zone was only marginally better off. In a place where everyone was up against the wall, at least you knew the game. It was pre war, so most of the zone was in shambles, with a few buildings and structures that made notable exceptions. This zone was ruled by gangs and warlords who needed bases to run their empires, and places like this were great for the very same reasons Hector was here. Fewer eyes, more danger. Lower gangs set up shop in whatever they could scavenger, which was always more than they could feasibly manage, and cut each other to bits a vain attempts to try and maintain their overreaching greed.

*Crack*

"..id you see it! That bastard twitched again!!" the first voice yelled.

"... leave it alone. ... didn't 'ave any cash anyways. 'ucking waste o' time!" the second voice yelled back as he started walking away.

"..creeps" said the second as he followed his companion.

Wait. Hector could hear the crunch, suck of their steps walking out the front of the yard. Wait. Nothing happened, and he moved closer to the body. Having frozen, he slowly stood up. Every movement brought more protests from his sore and spent muscles. His body protested like it had run a marathon while he was passed out, but he ignored it. Slowly he scuttled towards where the crunching sound had been coming from. He only just noticed that chest was pounding, and it only compounded his perception of the risks he was taking. But he had to look. Of course he knew what it was. Only one thing made that kind of noise. Hector knew the person was dead, or very close to it. This freshly made corpse had clearly gotten caught, and they were now paying the price.

He crept closer to the body, moving around some broken wood piles, to get a better look. It lying face up in the center of a small clearing. A gurgling noise was coming from the heap of gore. The bubbling was wet, slow, and rhythmic. Everything was a mess. Blood had pooled all around the body, and stained everything a deep red. The clothes seemed to be more akin to robes, long and draped down the body, maybe white or tan, but they'd been stained dark grey and deep red by the mud, blood, and gore. As he moved closer, he could make out the arms and legs, but 3 of them had been brutally wrenched and now pointed in unnatural and wrong angles. Hector winced involuntarily as he saw bubbles rise from the chest. It had been caved in, and slit across the belly. Organs Hector didn't recognize could be seen slopping inside with each gurgle and bubble. How anyone could be alive, still, was beyond him. As he gawked in horror at the chest, his eyes slowly moved up the corpse and tried to make sense of the head. The skull was gone. Actually it was a wet pile that no lunger resembled a skull, but rather a rotten squash that had been smashed to bits. Brain matter was splashed around the mud such that he couldn't tell where mud started and brain began. Hector could feel fear welling up in his chest, he knew something was wrong. He'd always trusted his gut, and he always been better for it. Between the small bubbles oozing from the rended chest, the smashed skull, and the bent limbs Hector almost didn't see it. His brain was slow from the oncoming hangover, and he was still wrapped up in the why of this abhorrent war crime. Even by gang standards this seemed excessive. This person had fucked up.

Standing there a few extra seconds, Hector realized why this gave him the chills. He slowly started backing away, body reacting before his brain could catch up. The arms were too long, the chest was too small, and the skull, what was left, almost angular. This body wasn't normal, wasn't fully human. Suddenly Hector could only see wrongness on it. He tripped on some wooden debris and fell backwards on his ass. The bubbling seemed to reach into him. He felt ill all of a sudden. He turned and started clambering on all four limbs towards the back, desperate to leave through some hidden break in the fence. He couldn't explain his fear. Perhaps it was the wrongness of the body? Maybe it was just the hangover? Maybe he was still high? Either way he had to leave. Now. His fingers were covered in lumpy mud and specks of garbage. His clothes were still caked in it, and now every time he moved parts either fell off, or stuck anew. He winced at the noises coming from him, horrified that he was making more noise than whatever else was in the yard. He did not feel alone anymore. On all fours, he made it back to the fence. He stood up fully, for what felt like the first time in ages. His body was stiff and sore from it's continued abuse. He followed the fence towards the opposite corner from where he started, desperately looking for a gap to exploit. His heart was pounding and his head hurt anew. He couldn't explain this reaction but he knew to trust it and get away from this place. He swore he could feel eyes on him. What was it that the ganger had said about eyes? He Ignored the thought, and kept following the fence.

Just around some tall concrete and steel boxes he saw his escape. Some metal pipes had been stacked flat next to the fence. Secured by vertical moorings they were lying length ways, and were stacked high enough that if he climbed on top, he could jump off them, and over the fence. He stepped up to the pipe and tried putting his booted foot on the first pipe. He immediately slipped off the pipe and loudly cracked his shin on it, only managing to stay upright by reflexively grabbing the closest mooring post that was holding the pipes stacked. The sucked in a breath and quickly tried again, this time using the mooring as support, and more carefully judging the slippage from the mud, slime, and general decay of his boots. Several careful steps later and he was standing on the pipes, ready to jump over the fence and be free of whatever horrors were here. He took one last look back, sure he'd see something standing over the body looking at him. But nothing was there. He turned, and as fluidly as he could leapt over the fence.

He did land gracefully. The fence, while not razor tipped was still slightly higher than the stack of pipes, and so he had to tuck his legs in the air. This meant that he landed in a heap on the other side. He caught himself on his hand and knees in the gravel, rather than fully fall onto his stomach. He landed on a small gravel road that served as the alley between yards. The gravel stung and clung to his hands and knees while he struggled to get up. Brushing it off, he got to walking away as quickly as his groaning muscles would let him go. The comfort of his sanity was his highest priority, so his muscles and their respective issues got pushed to the back of his mind as he limped away down the road, opposite of where he started, and ever further from the wrongness.

He could feel his heart start to beat normally again, and his subconsciousness felt less threatened for his immediate safety. Limping down the gravel road he quickly passed the next yard and turned away towards the opposite side. He now felt the hangover thudding into his skull, and he knew he had to get home. He continued crossing the meager gravel alley road and went to squeeze between two standing concrete buildings. He thought he was familiar with this industrial area, but couldn't confirm it just yet. The problem with waking up was he always seemed to forget how he'd arrived. He'd probably walked in through the front gate of that yard. Not an option anymore. Stalwart, he kept plodding forwards, knowing he could figure out where he was on the other side of this alley. Half squeezing through, half shuffling, he scrapped along one of the concrete walls towards a main road at the other end of this dark, half hearted tunnel. Stepping over debris and muck, he pulled up the hood on his filthy weather jacket, and adjusted his pants' belt. Attempting to look less meek and more capable, he stepped out of the damn darkness of the gap, and surveyed where he'd ended up.

It's not like he was far away from where he started this morning, but he felt better about this direction. It was busier here, and that itself made him feel reassured. About a block down the road he saw some people milling past the buildings, and further down he could make out an intersection with some vehicles waiting to proceed. The road itself was narrow and the buildings seemed to lean forwards past their foundations, further lending to the cramped feeling of this industrial sector. Cabling running at uneven intervals between the buildings made it feel like a jungle of concrete, plastic, and metal. Some lit-up signs advertised various businesses, but they were sparsely placed, hinting at the slummy nature of this place. In the other direction, much of the same, though Hector could see some buildings had actively collapsed and were spilling onto the sidewalk. He started towards his home, towards the intersection.

The orange zone was a collection of ruins, and shanty-growth that barely supported life. Buildings that were considered dangerous and unusable sat scattered throughout, supported by haphazard construction and cannibalistic scavenging from other ruins and abandoned shanty work. Most of the original buildings still had scars from the war that had scorched this town from decades past. Explosions, bullets, and fighting had destroyed and crippled the southern bay of the city. He didn't know the specifics of that war, because it had been over 60yrs ago. But no-one had come back after the war. While the green zone had been built, the other zones had been left behind. Ugly scars on the city that nobody cared about or wanted to deal with. It was far easier to build new where there was already nothing, than to venture out into a desolated war zone to find something livable.

And it was still a war zone. People were still finding equipment, weapons, and munitions scattered throughout, and people were still fighting over those scraps. That's were Hector made his living. He stole and scrapped old relics to sell them to the gangs. It wasn't his first career choice, but he had proven decent at it. He was a thief, a dealer, and a fighter when necessary. He didn't want to be in this city, and he was slowly running out of gangs to con. Even with the constant turnover of warlords and gang leaders, he was still burning through his contacts faster than they replaced each other. He was reaching the end. He hated the condition that it left him in day after day, but it was either struggle or die and he didn't have it in him to die willingly. He knew he'd end going down hard, not in some accident. In the meantime when he got low he turned to drugs, and lately he'd been low often. He'd been feeling low, but his luck would change, he knew it. The next big score was out there. All he needed to do was find it.

He kept walking past the intersection, passing people arguing, waiting vehicles, and huddled crowds of failures - probably liking themselves to him. He didn't look any of them in the eye, for fear of inviting some conversation, or communion. He felt that he kept a better standard than these wretches, and unlike them, he actually had someplace dry to sleep. Of course it was only mostly dry. Hector lived in the red zone. The abandoned part of the city. Past the seawall. The red zone was not necesailiry un-livable, but it was unaccessible and actively in decline due to the fact that it was actively being swallowed up by the sea. It was the oldest part of the city. From back before the weather turned sour, and the water levels were lower. Hector had heard that this place was once nice to live in. People claimed it had been prosperous and temperate. Nowadays the water and the wind dominated the landscape with its endless depth, and the biting tear. If it wasn't the water sucking you under, the wind knocked you down. The weather had been the biggest decline of the city. The wars had certainly helped, but at some point in the history of earth, we'd fought each other with such ferocity that the weather had changed into an enemy. Now humanity was scrapping by and by all counts we were something of a lost cause by Hector's count. It seemed that everyday we fought each other, and killed more of our own, only for the earth to chip away even more. It was less about survival of the fittest, and more survival of the lucky. Get your's and get out. That what he likened it to. Their was no solidarity left, just individuals fighting over each other to carve out freedom.

Luck would shine on Hector soon. His gut told him so, and he always trusted his gut. Following the road and the soon the smell of damp concrete, Hector made it to the sea wall. This wall wasn't something you could stand on, something to keep the city in, but rather to keep the water out. A long time ago, the water level had risen, and the walls had been made to keep out the water, and keep the city livable. The wall was 10 meters of faded concrete and steel built along some ancient road as a bulwark against the literal encroaching tides. it had cracks in places, but repair was certainly easier that creating a new one. On top of that, the main city couldn't survive without the constant flow in desperate workers this place produced. Of course since it had been build part way through the city, there were still places to get through the wall, you just had to know somebody. Hector followed the wall, towards the central city, until he reached a place he was familiar with.

He'd made it to a square that was busy with people. This was a marketplace he was vaguely familiar with. With stalls arranged in mostly straight rows, the smells of fish and offal ablated Hector's sense of smell. He almost gaged from the combination of the smell and his throbbing migraine. It clung inside his nostrils and he felt his eyes water for a second until he gathered his constitution and willed himself forwards. Following the road and the shabby buildings he was met with some gangers at standing at the perimeter. It wasn't a shakedown, it was security. These stalls and vendors all payed tithes of some sort to be here and it return they got security. Of course everyone had to barter for themselves, so who knows what each paid to be here. Hector didn't care, he wasn't here to do business with them today. Besides the fact that he was confident he'd previously done business for this outfit, he was only trying to find one of the vendors in particular. He needed to re-up and he knew exactly who to scam to get it.

He tugged at the corner of his hood a little to try and disguise his identity just enough. Not that is was likely to matter. These were all new recruits, obviously given the shit work of standing guard. None of them knew who he was, and he had no intension of giving them any indication of how much he owed their bosses. He shuffled meekly past a woman with a holstered pistol and a leather vest. She looked bored and detached from her mindless work. Normally someone covered in filth like him would be a dead giveaway, but everyone here was down on their luck, so he just blended in with the rest of the rabble. The market itself has shambles by most standards. Wooden slats holding up some tattered cloths with shop names and descriptions, held above slanted tables to do business on. Some had steel pipes held together with rope, other's were just people sitting on the ground, bags emptied out onto the floor. He wandered up and down the rows until he saw what he was looking for. They were at the end of the row. Two people minding a cart that had an assortment of junk on it. He didn't know either of them, but he knew their game. It was alarmingly simple. One would sell you while the other picked your pockets. Simple, clean, and it anything went wrong, they'd call the guards and get you kicked out. Of course the guards got their cut too, so everyone was in on it. He knew that was their game, because nobody went even near their cart. All the locals knew the game, and stayed clear. These people were like him. Preying on newcomers to keep their business thriving. Constantly on the prowl for new fish. He'd bite, but unlike them, he had nothing of value on him, which was fine long as they didn't find out.

He'd done this before of course. Stolen from other thieves. He didn't really need to justify the ethics of it in a place like this. Everyone was filthy and constantly trying to get one up on each other. But it helped him feel better knowing that he was only leveling the playing field by taking from people who, probably out-right, took from everyone else. As long as he wasn't the worst person at the deal, he felt justified. When the means of both parties were close, he just tried not to think about it, and moved on quickly.

He pretended to inspect some food at a nearby stall, pretending to eye up some value in what was definitely past prime fish. He carefully studied the cart to see if he could pick out something worth enough. He saw it. Some electrical component for an engine that he didn't recognize outright, but understood it's value all the same. Time to move in.

He haphazardly walked around until he landed in front of their cart, making eye contact with the man standing at the front, while spotting the woman standing around back of it.

"What can I help you with?" the merchantman asked.

"Clearly, not much." Hector started. "It's not like you've much of anything valuable that I couldn't get somewhere else for cheaper." Hector fired back. He had to be harsh upfront with these people.

"That's pretty bold, but I'm sure you want something all the same" The merchant replied deftly. Damn, he wasn't about to back down from Hector's shot.

"There is, but it's not on your cart. I want to speak to your boss."

"My boss? She's not my boss, I am." He replied, clearly offended now.

Hector saw the woman lean out from the other side of the cart, clearly confused about what was happening and about to come over to see why she'd been mentioned indirectly.

"Not her. Your real boss" Hector voiced as firmly as he could. "Who ever lets you run your shop. Who you pay tithes too." He added. He knew this would set things straight.

"Oh" The man paused, still offended and coming to an understanding of what I wanted from him. "If that's the case then why don't I just call some help over and get you thrown out." The woman had wandered past the edge of the cart, and was standing just behind the man now. Hector quickly stepped forward to interrupt the man before he could yell, or indicate to his partner to fetch it.

"It'll look better for you if you help me" Hector said. "I'm hiring some muscle for a job, and I need introductions. We both know you have ties, so how about you quit playing koy and bring me to your boss. I'll even throw you a bone after were done." Hector made sure to accentuate that last part. The man looked unconvinced, and the woman was about ready to give her own thoughts when Hector noticed both their eyes leave him for someone behind him. He'd been running hot this whole time, but something just then made his blood go cold. He could hear a crunch of boots on gravel and pavement as whomever was behind him took their last step to see what was going on. He summoned all his courage to turn around with his practiced composure, but he felt like it wouldn't be enough.

He was about an arm's length from a man who was mostly beard. He was half a head shorter than Hector, had a weather worn black leather storm jacket with a hood attached, and a big revolver pistol in a holster across his chest. His big grey beard was touching the holster and made his face look small by comparison. His long greying hair was tied back around his head, exposing a receding hairline and weather hardened reddened skin on his ears and nose. He had a metal bat which he was currently using like a cane some rich person might use, which is to say he didn't need it and liked to twirl it around to get people attention with. While he was shorter than Hector, this man was twice as wide in both directions. Hector knew who he was already.

"What's the problem here?" McClouyt asked. His voice sounded like the very gravel on the pavement he'd probably crushed moments ago.

"This fella' want's to have a chat with you." Said the merchant.

"Well I'm here, better make it quick before I have my boys throw you out!" McClouyt said angrily.

This was about to go very poorly for Hector. The McClouyt couldn't see his face yet, and it's not like Hector had a unique look he wore everywhere. He could see the man out of the corner of his eye, and assumed that since he was still standing he still had a chance. His brain fired on all cylinders trying to think up how he was going to smooth this over. Maybe he wouldn't get recognized? Maybe he could carry through with his plan? Maybe it could still work? His gut said nope.

He took a step closer to the stall merchant until he was standing between them with his back fully to McClouyt and said "I don't think this guy gets it McClouyt, he just doesn't seem to get who we are." In one smooth motion Hector placed his hands on the merchantman's shoulders, grabbed tight and threw him with all his might into the gang boss. The mans face went from the discontent of being insulted like this into a scowl of confusion and then a mask of horror as he quickly understood what was happening, but was too slow to do anything about it. The last thing Hector saw as he took off running was the flailing arms of McClouyt underneath the man as he was toppled backwards. That must've been some shook to him as Hector didn't think someone as wide as him could be toppled over so completely. Hector had heard that McClouyt was part of a family of deckhands that had converted to crime and smuggling after the fall of the fisheries some generations ago. Clearly the steadfast balance necessary for ship-work hadn't stayed with them on land. Or he'd just been really taken off guard after having a man throw at him mid conversation.

All of this happened in a the blink of an eye as Hector took off past the cart towards the market perimeter. On his way past he snagged the part off the shelf and continued to pick up speed as he made his escape. He angled around the rear of the cart, hoping to put something solid between him and the angry people behind him. He pumped his legs and breathed hard as his already dilapidated body protested. He knew it was do or die and so he focused on getting out. He eye'd a shop corner at the end of the square. It'd put some real cover between him and the gang members who were about to catch onto what he'd done. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the woman in the leather vest looking at him with a started look as he made his escape. He ran across the concrete and along the broken glass and trash littered outside the shopfronts and buildings surrounding the square. he didn't slow down as he neared the corner and instead reach out with his right hand to grab the corner and swing around into the alley. Just as he was swinging around he heard a loud bang and a saw small explosion of concrete on the alley wall opposite him. They'd clearly figured out he was up to no good.

His momentum kept him going as he swung into the alley and bounced off the opposite wall. His feet struggled to keep up with maneuver and he'd probably have fallen if not for bouncing off the wall and loosing a bunch of momentum. He immediately leapt over some trash and broken bottles to keep from falling and built up speed again to make for opposite end of the alley. Over the sound of his feet crunching on gravel and the blood pumping through his eyes he thought he heard yelling behind him. As he reached the end of the alley he turned to see if anyone was following him. He squinted to try and make out if the blurry shapes at the end where people or trash.

"-et em!" Someone yelled down the alley.

They were following him. It was probably a matter of professional integrity. They couldn't let someone steal from their territory, and they definitely couldn't let someone make a fool of them by tossing bodies at them. He didn't even think they knew that he'd already ripped them off which would make a trifecta that Hector ws sure would seal his fate in the worst kind of way.

He started down the street continuing towards the seawall and towards a gate he knew. The road was crowded with garbage and fallen buildings. He ran along the road passing rusted hulks and bones of vehicles that had been stripped for parts and value. After only a half a dozen meters he realized he'd never make it out of eyesight so instead of running he half dived, half tumbled into the a derelict two story building on his right. The front door had been blown outward and the building was leaning heavily forwards, as if about to fall on the road. He scrambled on all fours past the entry area and realized he was in some shop who's contents had long since been looted. He made for the counter and curled around it to hide from his pursuers. His heart was pumping and his head felt ready to burst. His legs shook from all the effort and he willed all of it to stop lest someone hear him. He strained his ears to listen for anyone. It was hard to tell over the thump thump of his heart and the raspy breathing in his lungs, but he didn't hear anyone close at least. A second later he heard clumping boots jogging past his hideaway and then shortly after another set of louder boots.

"Keep going, I'm going to hold hear incase he doubles back." Someone said. It wasn't McClouyt, but some other man.

Hector carefully pulled his knees underneath himself and made to lean out from around the counter at the lowest angle he could manage. He knew that he had to be ready, and he willed his body into submission for the precision this would require. He carefully stuck his head out, muscles in agony from the great effort he was subjecting them to, and looked out the front of the shop. He could barely make out the man obscured behind some busted up shelf that had collapsed inside the shop. The man was wearing a leather jacket, and had a thick metal pipe with a makeshift grip of tape and some nuts. He was standing in the middle of the street eyeing up and down the road for Hector. Hector braced for a moment and waiting to see if the gangster would leave or if he'd have to find another way out. Since he'd just down an adjacent alleyway, it was entirely possible that he was trapped. The thought of what they might do if they captured him was not something he even wanted to continue past his already limited imagining of 'bad'. Carefully scuttled bck and sat down to try and take proper stock of his surroundings. It was a tiny place. There were broken shelving units upturned near the entrance, and deeper past that there was a thick layer of dust collecting on the barren metal unit that remained upright. It looked like the shop had been ling since abandoned by anyone, probably since it was leaning well into the roadway. Hector could see cracks all along the walls and even some small gaps that he imagined lead to the next door building. There was a door, but it was perfectly in line with the one he'd come in via. He'd had to expose himself to view just to try the thing, which he knew would be locked since it closed. Nobody left an unlocked door open these days. Twisting around he tried to see if there was anything he could use or escape via deeper inside the shop. The wall had actually toppled over next to him behind the counter, and he couldn't get past it from this side. He decided it was probably his best bet to try for the other side and escape out the back. He had to slowly lift his head above the counter to try and see a way around and when he cleared the counter he froze. The gangster was facing him outside and seemed to be looking right at him. The man had a tense look on his face.

"What are you doing here? I told you to get after em!" A gravely voice boomed.

Hector realized McClout must be directly between them, but was just too short to see. If this had been any other situation Hector might've chuckled a bit.

"...orry boss. I'll check these buildings while you hold the road." Hector caught the man apologizing.

The gangster turned around and started at the building across the road, trying to look capable and hard working. Despite not being able to see the gang boss, Hector kne this would be his best chance. He snuck around the counter, the same way he had come in and crept low across the open gap between the toppled shelves and the one still standing on the other side of the entrance. He actually made it to the shelves and slowly stood up into a crouch while moving around the collapsed wall. He could see that it had only collapsed on his side and was actually just leaning forwards, but still partially intact. Behind it he made out some metal stairs leading to the next floor up. This was it, he could feel it. He'd get out just like he always did. He slowly crept up to the wall and was about to stretch his arms for purchase when he heard a bang-crack. McClouyt was standing right in front and had his revolver pointed at him. There was smoke coming from the barrel and for a second Hector felt like he'd been shot and just couldn't feel it yet. He thought he'd locked eyes for a second, until he realized that McClouyt was looking right next to him. He turned to see a poster of some worker on the wall next to him with a hole in it's face. McClouyt was squinting to see inside, and Hector had only lived because it was so dark. No more hiding, he'd never get luckier than this.

Hector leapt up with all his might and scrambled up the leaning wall towards the stairs. One hand after the other he pulled himself up the wall towards the stairs. He was slipping on the paneling and he almost fell outright if not for a pipe sticking vertically from the ceiling. Using this he pulled - jumped for the stairs landing hard into them just as another bullet slammed into the wall. From here he could see that the stairs were unusable below him and he'd someone found the only way up. He hauled himself up, headless of the creaking and snapping that he was causing on this rusted piece of metal that was supporting his weight. He skipped the next dangerously angled step and then ran headlong the rest of the way up. He'd cleared line of sight now and finally checked in front of himself. He made it to a small landing and saw at the end was a door. He tried to door, and it was predictably locked. He took a step back and heal kicked it right next to the bolt. It groaned, but didn't give. He kicked it again and again. He could hear yelling bellow him as the gangers attempted to duplicate his acrobatic feat. He reflexively ducked as a shot ricocheted off the wall and into the ceiling above him. They were clearly having trouble getting up, but that didn't mean much if he was trapped up here. Eventually they'd make it up and when they did he was done for. The door was slowly bending, but it wasn't fast enough. He looked around for any other escape, but there wasn't anything. His time was up. He'd finally bitten off more than he could chew. His mistakes had caught up to him. He turned and slumped against the door. He sat hard on the dusty floor, and something in his pocket clinked. He reached in and removed it. It was the part he'd stolen. He looked at it a bit closer and saw it was some sort of motor and gear assembly about the size of his fist. He turned it over is his hands, and wondered how much it was actually worth. They were probably gonna haul him outside and splatter his brains over a piece of scrap worth less than their guns. He heard yelling now, coming from bellow, and he thought he could hear metal scraping concrete. They were going to use one of the shelves to get up here. Good thinking on their part. He fumbled the part into the floor and it make a solid clunk without bouncing. He stopped. This was going to save him. He grabbed the part and turned to swing it at the door knob. He lined it up, and gave a hesitant first swing to judge his aim with. It gave a small clank and bounced back off the metal knob. He hefted the part in his hand, confident in his grip and swung harder this time. A more satisfying thump now. Now he really gave it some effort, and swung multiple times over and and over with all his strength. Slowly the door knob loosened and bent. The metal shearing apart at the seems and the screws holding it together slowly stripping free from their moorings. He gave one last desperate swing and the knob sheared off, and bounced on the floor. He tossed his supposed prize aside and reached into the door assembly to work the bolt free. He wiggled the parts around until the bolt gave way just a touch. He stepped back for another kick, and for s second thought he heard something creak behind him. He turned slightly and saw one of the gangers, gun in hand scrambling up the broken stairs towards him. They were moving much more carefully than he had and that gave him precious seconds to escape. He turned forwards and gave one final savage kick. The bolt pinged off, and the door bounced inwards and then swung back out towards him bellowing dust behind it.

"you're not getting away!" yelled the man.

He ran full tilt into the room just as the man he'd seen watching outside crested the landing, on his way in he turned to grab the door knob on the inside, hopping to hold it back and block the man. Just before he made it, he felt a sharp jerking motion across his neck as he was hauled back by the hood of his jacket. He tumbled backwards and landed on his ass, only to be pulled further back by the man. Suddenly there was gun in his face, and he stopped resisting for a second.

"Thought you could get away? The boss is fuming from what you did, we're gonna make an example out of you."

"Doubt it." Hector said. "I bet he'll put me in charge of you afterwards."

"Shut the fuck up!" He yelled and then took a swing at Hector with the pistol. Right as it connected with his face, Hector felt something jab into his side. He grasped the familiar shape he'd just tossed away, and knew it hadn't used up it's usefulness yet. He swung it around and connected it with the mans face, and they traded blows. While the ganger had only intended to subdue him, Hector had been swinging for his life. There was a loud crack, only partially dulled by the low thump of his own head bouncing off the floor. He immediately reached up to hold his head with his other hand, vision blurry for all of a few seconds. He felt dizzy, but the other guy was down too now. Scrambling onto his knees he dived on top of him and swung again with the battered chunk of metal in his hands. The man was defenseless and tried to turn the gun towards Hector. He dropped his hand from his throbbing head and leaned all his weight into it to prop the gun away from himself. With his other hand he swung again, aiming for another blow to the head. It connected, and he heard a wet crack noise this time.

The man went limp, and his grip on the gun relaxed. Hector was dazed. It could only have been seconds, but the moment seemed to stretch for eternity. He sat staring at the man, laying unconscious on the floor. Hector could feel the adrenalin pumping through his veins fading. He was going to be very sick soon. He looked across the man towards the gun and took it. Legs unsteady, he stood up and turned around. Broken metal in one hand and gun in the other he stumbled towards the door, he'd only moments earlier smashed open. He walked into the next room, and looked around. It was a dusty mess of papers and some floor to ceiling shelves. Nothing was on them, and he could see piles of empty boxes towards the back. He heard indistinct yelling and then a crash from downstairs. He ignored it. Walking forwards he was struggling to figure out an escape that would get him free of this nightmarish day.

He stepped forwards and padded slowly past the empty shelves. Dust covered everything, swirled around him as he plodded towards the back of the room. It was cleared here, and he could see that the room encompassed the entire second floor. No more doors, or stairs, just eery silence. He turned to follow a wall and turned his eyes up to see his savior. Behind the stairs, and the landing he saw a ladder with roof access. Stuffing the hunk of metal and gun into his jacket pockets, he picked up the pace towards the ladder. He could see that it was locked, but from the inside this time. Dust coated the rungs, and soon coated his hands as he reached out and grasped the firm metal. Hand over hand he climbed upwards, until he reached the latch securing the concave panel shut.Holding tight with one hand, he reached for the lever and gave it a sharp tug. It groaned, but budged slightly. He tugged again, and he didn't know who was louder as he leaned out and groaned to shift his weight behind it. There was a rusty pop and the panel lifted slightly. Dust and cool air wafted down onto his face, and he stepped up to push the panel open completely. Rusty hinges creaked and complained, but he didn't care. The cover swung clear and Hector hoisted himself onto the roof, breathing the cold air from his new vantage point.
