---
title: Solve for 1
description: intro Peter, and Kane
word_count: 2445
---

The room was known as the shark tank. It was dark, quiet, and you knew that once you went in you were in danger. It was
an interior room with glass walls, but the only lights in the whole floor were from data streaming onto wall panels
surrounding the room, and the single light source positioned above the table. The table was a long rectangular
conference table, cold metal and sparse seating. Everything, including the people, was cold in here. Peter knew it was
on purpose, but he still did his best to calm himself for his meeting. You had to be cold to make it to where he had.
He'd done things to get here. And here was the center of a mega corporation. He was an executive on the acquisitions
team. His job was not pretty, but he knew it had to be done. The room beckoned, and despite how he felt, he willed
himself to be the shark in this tank. He took a deep breath, opened the door and took a seat, first to arrive. When the
door closed behind him it was silent. He could probably hear someone elses heartbeat in here, not just his own. He
smoothly walked to a chair and took a seat. He did not bring any notes, nor did he have any reports to give. This
meeting was not about him. He did not know exactly what it was for, but he knew it was not good. Nothing good ever
happened in the shark tank.

Shortly after he arrived other executives arrived and took their seats. He recognized all of them from various
departments. There was a mishmash of department heads here from legal, inter-corporate relations, analytics, deep
research, and even one the heads of product. He didn't bring his assistant, but if he did they'd have to wait outside
with the others. Each stood ramrod straight and none of them mingled. All were acutely aware that they were about to
witness something, and each was silently praying it wasn't going to be their superior. There was no comradery when your
job was on the line. It was always everyone for themselves, but the high-up corporate world took it to another level.
Here they were enemies, regardless that they were all employed by the same employer. Shark tank indeed.

Last to arrive was the CEO. Kane Carthatch. Peter was among to first to see him, and as soon he did he knew the
situation went from bad to apocalyptic. As soon as Kane entered the room, the tension ratcheted past the ceiling as
everyone sat straighter than if they'd been tazed. Suddenly the room didn't seem so cold. With all the department heads
now stiffly looking across the table at each other, Peter faced the head of product, Emilia Canter, and saw she was
smirking slightly. Not at him, definitely, but because she knew what was going down. He would've killed to know what was
going on, and she probably knew it. Kane took his seat at the far end of the table and waited. He didn't need to call
attention to himself because the room knew he was in charge. It was probably only a few seconds before Kane started
speaking, but it felt like an eternity to Peter. Even with Peter's military background, he'd witnessed firefights come
and go quicker than this. Sweat beaded down his neck into his jet black suit shirt.

"I want you all to know that I'm disappointed, but not at all surprised" Kane spoke in an even, all knowing, tone. "It
has always been a top security concern that we'd be betrayed or infiltrated at any level." He paused for effect. "What
disappoints me is that it's been at the highest level."

Everyone in the room was staring straight ahead, and nobody willing to give an inch. Each of them knew that weakness was
intolerable in this moment. Veterans of corporate violence though they were, probably none of them were ready for this
kind of brazen callout. Peter wondered who the culprit was, but kept his gaze focused on Emilia. She was just as focused
as he was, but something about her suggested she knew. She'd probably been the one to point it out, Peter figured.
That's why she was smug. Of course she didn't dare openly gloat, but clearly she was getting immense satisfaction out of
this. Peter could almost see the satisfaction on her face, just underneath her emotionless corporate mask they'd all
adopted in unison.

Kane continued. "This kind of betrayal will not be dealt with in the usual fashion. Perhaps in the past things these
things would be different. Back when we corporations bowed to laws, or governments. Back when there were rules.
Obviously this is no longer applicable today. Which is why I can't help but wonder how someone who managed to steal from
us, managed to even get this far. Why they'd come at all?" Kane paused again. He was gloating now. "I mean willingly
walking towards your own death isn't brave anymore. There's no more heroes out there, and nobody here would stick their
neck out for another person. Don't think I don't know how yuo'd all probably kill each other in cold blood if you though
you could get away with it. Hell, some of you have killed. Maybe you didn't kill each other, but you've killed before,
and I think you'd do it again."

Peter wasn't quite sure what emotions were going through his head right then. At first it had been chills and that
initial rush of fear and adrenaline, then the light boredom of listening to someone else gloat, but now it had changed
into something else. He felt like maybe Kane had been calling him out directly with that last remark. His military
record was of course on file here, but he couldn't help but feel a certain sense of scrutiny directed his way. Which was
strange, because whatever fuck-up had happened it hadn't been him. He was still dedicated to this company, or at least
he was dedicated to his own success at this company, which was still entirely within acceptable corporate parameters.
Peter kept his eyes straight, but he could only imagine that Kane was watching him from the head of the table.

"I think we've had enough suspense, lets just get this on with." Kane said, without any hint of remorse for what he'd
just ordered.

Peter felt a pair of stiff and cold hands on each of his shoulders. His heart leapt out of his chest, but his gut
tightened into a knot. His reacted without hesitation, shaking of years of rust, physical and mental conditioning
surging back to into his body. He grabbed a wrist, and pushed off the table, twisting as he went. One hand came free of
his shoulder while the other came across his chest. The man he had by the wrist gave a grunt an then a groan as his head
cracked into the table, and Peter released him immediately. The send man was reaching for towards his waist, clearly
about to make for a gun. Peter used his twisting motion to swing his first into the guard's head. The man leaned back to
dodge, but stumbled on the chair momentarily leaving an opening. Peter followed up with an uppercut with his now free
hand and landed it square under the guard's thick, cleanly shaven jaw. There was a crack, and the guard tumbled
backwards. Peter was moving for the door. Not with a plan, but with a direction. He didn't know how it had happened,but
someone had set him up. Clearly there'd been a mistake or, more likely, deliberate sabotage. He made it a couple steps
when his back arched and his legs suddenly flew out from under him as if they suddenly changed their minds. Time moves
slowly in moments like that. It had all probably only been a couple of seconds, but even then it came crashing in a wave
as he slowly fell to the floor. His back arched painfully and he knew he'd been tazed, and that the adrenalin had just
prevented him from feeling the spikes. He knew that he'd been setup by Emilia, and that it had been no mistake that she
had sat across from him. He knew that he was going to die. Probably not right away, but the grand speak Kane had given,
had all but guaranteed his intentions for this kind of betrayal. Peter hadn't even tried to talk his way out of it,
which probably wouldn't have done anything, but it certainly would have made for a more convincing case for his
innocence. Even as the floor rushed towards him he was powerless to do anything about it, his arms pinned to his sides
by the constricting current running through his muscles. He closed his eyes and waited.

Crack.

Peter didn't wake up all once. Consciousness came back slowly. His head was throbbing, and his wrists were sore from
rubbing, and from something cutting into them. He faded out again. When he woke up the second time, he felt cold and
sore in his chest and legs, on top of everything else. He could feel he was at an angle. He'd been strapped by metal
bonds to some cold, metal surgical bed. His neck, feet, and hands were all secured, and there was strapping bands across
his chest. Someone had cut open his suit, not to remove it, but simply to attach monitoring plugs to his chest and
sides. There were lights on him, but not blinding, like interrogation, but just normal lights. He was in a normal
looking room of concrete and metal with tile floors. There were no shelves, only some carts with equipment on them. He
didn't see a door, which meant it had to be behind them, but he did see a camera in the corner. It didn't have an
indicator light, but Peter knew it had to be active and monitoring him. He looked closer at the tools on the metal carts
and didn't recognize much. There were some probes, and tweezers but most of it seemed to be medical monitoring equipment
equipment. One of the carts had a machine that read it was for signal monitoring. He recognized the producer from his
time in the military, but he'd never used this particular model. The ones he had used were for signal jamming or
monitoring. He was at a loss as to why they'd have something like that here.

The there was a rusty creak from behind him and Peter smelled ozone from the hallway. Someone walked into the room and
adjusted the probes on his back. They were in surgical uniform, and had a mask on. Whoever they were, he was clearly
part of some experiment, and they were about to begin. He started struggling, the metal clasps around his wrist
painfully cutting into him.

<!--
"Don't bother" she said. "You're not going to get out, nobody else has."

She walked around to Peter's view and he saw that she was calm and undisturbed. She'd done this before and was getting tired of it. No more emotion, no more sadness, just work. "What are you doing to me?!" Peter croaked, the first words he'd said since descending that fateful elevator earlier today.

"We're exposing you to something so we can see the results. You will be the 17th subject today, so please make this quick as I'm very tired." She said, clearly tired of having to explain this over and over. "All I'm doing is making sure you can't rip out our monitors while the experiment is going on. It's unfortunate, but you have to be awake for some reason for it to work. I suppose you also have to struggle to make sure we can record it properly."

"What are you doing to me!" Peter yelled this time, desperate to get an answer.

"Honestly I don't know." She shrugged.

Her attitude towards all this was sucking the hope from Peter at an exponential rate.

"I can't really predict what's going to happen, which is why we need so many subjects. Of course that's not really your question. What were doing is exposing you to a signal, and seeing what happens."

"A signal? What kind of signal?" Peter was exasperated. It didn't even sound like he was going to die anymore, but he couldn't believe that whatever would happen was going to be tolerable. The woman had her back to him now, and was checking the signals equipment. Her voice was muffled slightly under her mask, so PEter had to strain to hear it.

"..ot long ago one of our orbital satellites detected a signal. It was faint so we thought nothing of it, but we couldn't determine it's origin, or any embedded message. For a few months we ignored it, until eventually it got stronger. When that happened we were able to pinpoint it's origin, and that was the first thing that shocked us." She turned to face him now, clearly enjoying telling the story. "I'll tell you this since you're clearly different than my other subjects. Most of them just scream and I have to go through everything so quickly."

It was almost like she read his mind with that remark.

She took a breath, clearly about to get to the good part. "We discovered the signal was coming from outer space. It's origin puts it bellow the solar system, somewhere out in the ort cloud. That's not even the strangest part. When we tried to investigate, we killed three analyst's trying to find any meaning buried in the signal. In fact all analysis has resulted in death. At first they just keeled over, done. But recently, as the signal has gotten stronger, we've noticed changes in the method, and the outcomes. Some people have lived longer being exposed to it, and when they do they express some sort of message. And this isn't even from auditory exposure. Even when we digitize it, the signal is still deadly. No matter what we do we can't seem to listen, read, or perform any sort of __research__ into this. The only thing we've isolated so far is time to death, and what the victim manages to say during that time. It's maddeningly __slow__, but we're going to have to make progress some way or another. We have to get to the bottom of this, it could be the discovery of a lifetime. Contact. Contact with something not of our world, and clearly much more advanced than us. It's so exciting." -->
