---
title: introduction
description: the signal
---

"Geoff, if you have a second, could you come over and take a look at this?"

Geoff was not busy. He had many seconds he could spare. He did not want to take a look at anything his colleague wanted to show him. Whatever it was he was sure it was unimportant. Nothing important ever happened at signals. He was seated at his workstation, and in charge of monitoring the satellite feeds. Technically he was in charge of the technicians who monitored the feeds and signals the satellite picked up, but that sounded less interesting when he tried explaining it to other people. Geoff was just a tiny cog in an enormous machine. He was a manager for the signals analysis and monitoring team at Unii Industries and Unii Industries was a megacorp. Calling it a megacorp, did not do it justice. Megacorps, operated outside governments and laws, because they owned those governments and wrote the laws. Sure they pretended to collaborate here and there, but everyone with half a brain understood they were in charge. Geoff was entirely replaceable, and while he knew it, it did not impart the same fear it used to. So no he did not rush to see whatever Hale wanted him to look at. "Be there in a second Hale" Geoff said,trying to keep the banality of his tone to a minimum. On top of everything his coffee mug was empty.

He got up from his station and made for the coffee machine they kept in their office. The 'office' was actually some windowless bunker, named the cave, the corporation had designed to be a secure launch and control room. The ceiling, the walls, and of course the floors were concrete. The overhead lights were all dimmed to near pitch black levels, dim stars for dramatic effect. There were rows of older blank monitors and plastic roller chairs all directed to face the far wall that served the as the central monitoring link, and the main light source for the room. On the wall someone could observe the status and courses for all the satellites under the team's administration. While the process of setting up satellites had been a monumental effort and achievement, nowadays it was barren of any meaningful activity or meaning. Keeping satellites running was by comparison, an easy and irrelevant task. So much so, that a thin layer of dust had coated most of the surfaces in the room. He crossed the rows of empty and dust covered tables and terminals towards the one remnant that had never waned in use, the coffee maker. Filling up his mug, he made sure to add some sugar, stalling as much as he could before he might have to actually engage his idling brain into active gear. His coworkers, Hale and Jasper, were both crowded around the same screen at the far end of a row. He could tell they were confused and anxious, and while they both knew more about the systems and physics involved than he could ever hope to achieve, it would be up to him to actually do anything about this newest concern.