---
title: nobody knows anymore
description: Arthur gets a job, things don't go according to plan
word_count: 0
---

"Ding", he felt a vibration, and heard the chime simultaneously. He fished his phone out of his jacket pocket, and
pulled it up to his face to read the notification. It was a request for a call. He tapped the squirming icon, and put
the phone to his ear.

"Got your ears on?" A familiar voice asked.

"Always" Arthur responded. He had been waiting for something all week.

"Good, cause this just came in and it's good" The voice was chipper, and excited.

"You say that about all of them." he said, trying to keep any sound of desperation from his voice. He needed this, but
he didn't want to sound like he needed it. That was always bad, but with Rikki, it was worse. She liked working with
him, but she also knew she needed to make a profit as well. When he'd made the mistake of telling her about his
financials, she'd teased him for weeks afterwards. He'd almost given up working with her, but she'd relented. He still
didn't fully trust her though.

"And you still go through with them, so really shouldn't you just take my side?" Rikki responded.

He could picture her smiling at him with her mischievous grin. She loved being right. He hated giving her the win.
"What's the gig?" He said, trying to cut through any ribbing she'd give him.

"It's a simple data retrieval. In and out. No contact, direct delivery. It's practically a cake-walk." She replied,
clearly also intent on skipping their usual jabs.

"Send the address, I'll take a look" he said. While he wasn't strictly 'rushed' for money, it worried him that Rikki was
rushed. There could be a million reasons why, and if he asked she'd just lie to him anyways. So he did his best to
ignore this newest gut feeling, and get this over with.

"It's on the north side, so get moving" she chirped as pulled the phone away from his face. A second later he got the
address. He hung up, and tapped the text which was actually a link. Rikki was always nice that way. He saw the map
connect a line between him and the dot where the address was, studied the instructions that came with it, and then
pocketed his phone. He started walking towards the nearest rail station. He had already known where the station was, but
it helped to be patient sometimes and double check. He'd learned in the military that being first was not always the
greatest, but being first and being unprepared was always deadly. He wasn't more than a block away from a station, so he
made good time. He passed people on his left and right, and did his best to ignore all of them. Even though it was
night, there was always people moving from one place to another. He liked watching them, always wondering what reasons
people would have to be out and about if they weren't like him.
