---
title: introduction
description: the signal
word_count: 2094
---

"Geoff, if you have a second, could you come over and take a look at this?"

Geoff was not busy. He had many seconds he could spare. He did not want to take a look at anything his colleague wanted
to show him. Whatever it was he was sure it was unimportant. Nothing important ever happened at signals. He was seated
at his workstation, and in charge of monitoring the satellite feeds. Technically he was in charge of the technicians who
monitored the feeds and signals the satellite picked up, but that sounded less important when he tried explaining it to
other people. Geoff was just a tiny cog in an enormous machine. He was a manager for the signals analysis and monitoring
team at Unii Industries and Unii Industries was a megacorp. Calling it a megacorp, still did not do it justice.
Megacorps, operated outside governments and laws, because they owned the governments and wrote the laws. Sure they
pretended to collaborate here and there, but everyone with half a brain understood who was in charge. Geoff was entirely
replaceable, and while he knew it, it did not impart the same fear it once did when he started. He did not rush to see
whatever Hale wanted him to look at, despite the confusion he heard in the voice. "Be there in a second Hale" Geoff
said,trying to keep the banality of his tone to a minimum. On top of everything his coffee mug was empty.

He got up from his station and made for the coffee machine they kept in their office. Their 'office' was actually some
windowless bunker, named the cave, the corporation had designed to be a secure launch and control room. The ceiling, the
walls, and of course the floors were concrete. The overhead lights were all dimmed to near pitch black levels, dim stars
for dramatic effect. There were rows of older blank monitors and plastic roller chairs all directed to face the far wall
that served the as the central monitoring link, and the main light source for the room. On that wall, someone could
observe the status, courses, and feeds for all the satellites under the team's administration. While the process of
setting up satellites had been a monumental effort and achievement, nowadays it was barren of any meaningful activity or
meaning. Keeping satellites running was, by comparison, an easy and irrelevant task. So much so, that a thin layer of
dust had coated most of the surfaces in the room. He crossed the rows of empty and dust covered tables and terminals
towards the one remnant that had never waned in use, the coffee maker. He had chosen his desk for its proximity to the
coffee and distance from his coworkers. He only had a few steps until he made the glorious and brightest thing in his
day. Filling up his mug, he made sure to add some sugar, stalling as much as he could before he might have to actually
engage his idling brain into active gear. His coworkers, Hale and Jasper, were both crowded around the same screen at
the far end of a row. He could tell they were confused and anxious, and while they both knew more about the systems and
physics involved than he could ever hope to achieve, it would be up to him to actually do anything about this newest
concern of theirs. In the past they're raised issues about satellite drift, and signal distortion, and other things that
the higher-ups simply did not care about. Geoff was fairly certain that nobody cared at all about satellites anymore. At
some point in history we'd turned inwards, instead of outwards and now they'd abandoned this kind of work and progress
for more material gains. Inwards had turned everything sour and **difficult**. The people, the weather, and even the
soil had turned on each other where now everyone was fighting each other for whatever they could hold onto. All that
suited him fine, because it meant that nobody bothered him, nobody fought him, and he could just exist with one less
thing to worry about. "What have you got for me Hale?" Geoff asked.

"I'm not sure" replied Hale. "We're getting some strange distortion coming from feed 12. I'm trying to run diagnostics,
but it's difficult to pin down where it's coming from."

"Can't you just make another patch to filter this out of the feed from our end?" Asked Geoff, only vaguely aware of what
that actually involved. He wasn't a scientist, he was a manager. His experience with this stuff was summed up by 5 pages
of introductory documents they'd given him on day 1.

"I would be able to do that, if I could figure out were the source was coming from." Hale responded with a hint of
irritation in his voice.

"We could fix this permanently if we could only re-work the firmware like we'd requested from Ops" Jasper cut in.

Jasper was sitting next to Hale, not looking at the screen, but at him. Geoff could see he was annoyed with him
personally, as he suspected that Geoff had never submitted the proposal the two engineers had worked on. He had of
course submitted it, but he knew it had just simply not been read. Jasper and Hale just simply didn't get it. Despite
supplying data to some of the most important offices in the world, they were just left out of anything. If the network
of satellites went down, or became too unstable, head office would simply switch to hardlines. It didn't matter what
benefits these 2 could come up with people, corporations, and head office we too preoccupied with what was underneath
them to look up anymore.

He looked directly at Jasper "For the last time, I submitted the proposal. I don't want to hear anymore about that."
Geoff leaned forwards to get a better view of the screen Hale was seated in front of. It was all information dense and
very technical, but Geoff could see red lines of text slowly scrolling up a corner of the view. All the red lines read
something to do with 'foreign signal error'. "Is it even interfering with the data feeds?" He asked, knowing full well
that if it wasn't they would simply add an exception to the monitoring software to ignore that specific issue.

"It isn't" Jasper said dejectedly, knowing full well where he was going to go with this. "But if we should at least find
the source before we rule it out."

"What do you mean?" Geoff asked, confused. "What's this source you keep mentioning? It's just the same thing as it
usually is right?"

"It's not" Jasper cut in. He was clearly annoyed permanently with him at this point. "We already double checked the
usual culprits, and this is a new problem. We're having trouble identifying where the signal is coming from. It's weak
from bouncing off something, and that's making it tough to actually pin down."

"Just silence the error" Geoff said, not quite an order, but he was getting annoyed with Jasper's consistent attitude.

"Not until we can pin down the source, otherwise it could crop up from something else and we'd never know." Jasper
replied. "We need to isolate the source so we can write a rule to target it and silence the error".

Geoff hated how these engineers always used the word 'need' as if they didn't have some other workaround they could use
that he just didn't know about. He never understood why they consistently felt the need to fix this stuff when it was
clear to everyone that nobody cared whether these stellites were operational anymore. "And how long will it take to find
the source?" Geoff asked, already knowing the answer.

"I'm not sure" replied Jasper. "Hale only just noticed the errors streaming in from the telemetry logs. We can go
through it and isolate the origin fairly quickly."

"So what, less than a day?" Geoff said, with a knowing tone that indicated he knew they'd need more time, but wouldn't
admit to it.

"Probably, but it could be longer if we find its been periodic instead of constant." Jasper relented.

"Well as long as the feeds aren't interrupted and we can maintain operations, why don't you try and locate the source"
Geoff started walking back towards his chair. "But if it goes on longer, then we'll have to add an exception for this
since I don't want it jamming up the logs" he said directed at the two engineers behind him. He'd made it almost halfway
towards his desk when the tension made him turn around. He fully expected Jasper to be staring daggers at him for
manipulating them into getting his way, but to his relief Jasper wasn't looking at him. Jasper and Hale were staring at
the monitor, motionless. Geoff was about to turn away, when he noticed it. They weren't moving at all. It was like
they'd been petrified in place. He'd been expecting them to be busy pecking away at the keyboard and even muttering to
themselves, or each other random techno-bable that he never understood, but this was even stranger. A cold chill went
down his spine as he stopped walking away. Maybe the problem was serious, and he'd have to go in person to head office.
Having to push for more resources was the sign of bad management, and he didn't want to draw the ire of some cost
cutting efficiency rep looking to cut him down to make themselves look better. That thought chilled him. He took a sip
of his coffee, turned back towards the desk, and readied himself emotionally to deal with whatever these engineers had
decided. Looking up from his coffee, he started towards them. "What's the matter? Is it worse than you estimated?".

They still hadn't moved. Both Hale and Jasper hadn't moved at all. It was erie. "Hey guys, what wrong?" Geoff asked,
unable to keep the rising fear from entering his voice. He kept walking towards them, expecting them to turn at any
moment towards him and explain. Each step closer seemed to stretch out. His pace never faltered, never wavered, but time
seemed to stretch to eternity. His sweat ran cold, and his heart was beating hard even as he reached the desk. It was
only now could he see that they weren't still. From this angle he could only see Jasper's eyes and mouth, but he was
making small, quick movements. Jasper's eye's were darting bath and forth erratically, unfocused, and with pupils the
size of pins. His jaw was making tiny twitches, like he was about to talk, but couldn't get the words out. Geoff could
see it start up and stop periodically, but never building up enough to voice anything. Geoff noticed there was a
pattern, like he was glitching and stuck in repeat. He was taking this all in instantly, but even as he recognized it,
he couldn't stop himself from reaching towards Hale, and turning him around. He grabbed his should and rotated him in
the roller chair. Hale was stiff too, and freely turned. Hale was no longer obstructing the screen and he saw it. The
monitor was showing something, something Geoff didn't recognize or understand at all. It had something to do with the
satellite that was throwing the error, but he couldn't know what. He could only see it from one eye, and despite the
same repeating glitch on Hale's face he couldn't help but tilt his head to get a better look.

It was just code. Number and letters streaming in a tiny window occupying the corner of the screen. Random characters
blurring past so fast that Geoff couldn't tell if they spelt anything, or had some meaning beyond the randomness they
suggested. He went to turn away, to maybe slap some sense into both of them, or to get help, but he stopped. He couldn't
turn away. He felt it all in the span of a second. His eyes were transfixed on the screen, unable to look away. His skin
was starting to crawl with faint pricks of pain. Then it started to crackle with static. He could feel power in his
body, surging through his bones. It was unlike anything he'd felt before. It felt like he could feel everything. The
energy of the lights, the heat from his coffee, the very photons dancing across the screen. He felt like he could sea
and feel the electrons jumping across the gaps between atoms. The infinite space between those imperceptibly small
shapes started flooding his mind. The vast darkness flooded his mind, emptying his thoughts. All of his sense of self
drained away. He ceased all emotions and thoughts. Geoff felt like all his being had been collapsed into an
infinitesimally small point. He made one last strain to look away, to break this stream of power that was surging
through him. And then his world exploded into light.
